c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll.config
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.dll
c:\users\oseguera\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll.config
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll.config
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.dll
C:\Users\EdgarBruney\Desktop\Curso Apn.net\PuntoDeVenta\PuntoDeVenta\obj\Debug\PuntoDeVenta.pdb
